So, yes, to sum up, last year she gave me her heart. I mean, it was very nice and all. And it was Christmas. I guess you could say, what else does she need? And I would agree truly. What else could I need than someone who selflessly gives somebody their heart to prove how much they love them.

It was a very nice wintery day that day. I remember. Also it’s not like you can forget something like that. We were both on the couch. With a warm blanket, and warm cups of tea that just slightly hurt your fingers when holding it. I bet you know the feeling. It’s the sort of pain you sort of enjoy because you’re cold and it’s warm. You can see it right? Plus we were watching this cheesy Christmassy film. She had chosen this one. I want to say we sometimes watched my kind of films but really it did not happen that often. She was too stubborn to think she could like what I liked. Also, she always wanted to share her favourite films with me, which is very cute. I would’ve liked it better if it wasn’t the entire romantic comedy genre though.  But that day it was Christmas you know. So I thought what the heck, it’ll make her happy and that was enough I guess.

I was lying on this couch and she was over me, half asleep. The film was ending, there was kissing and tears and happy stuff. You know how it goes. And she suddenly looked at me very intensely. ‘t was kinda scary. She never looked at me like that before. Before we were chilled you know, and I was fine with that. But on this white day she gave me her heart. Just like that. Without warning. I mean you guys can get it, right?

Like what the fuck was she thinking. Sure maybe I loved her too. But you don’t say that, like that. Especially on Christmas, I am right or what?

I mean, I couldn’t give her mine. So I just gave her back hers. And she left crying. Kinda like the film we had just watched. I thought to myself, she’ll come to her senses. Like in the film. She would come back and there would be a happy ending and all.

But apparently, life is not a film you guys. I never saw her again. At least until today. Funny enough, it’s Christmas again. I wanted to give her my heart this time you know. Not to make the same mistake, I didn’t want to lose her again. Turns out she gave it to someone special she told me. Special, can you believe that. As if I was so common to be forgotten. I mean, I guess It’ll be a lesson. Giving your heart on Christmas apparently doesn’t work.
